This directory contains the Github webhook for verifying that all
commits on an ofiwg PR contain a "Signed-off-by" line, and its
relevant configuration.

The bot runs as a Ruby Sinatra server on flatbed.openfabrics.org.  It
was initially heavily inspired by
http://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/GitHub-Scripting-GitHub.

There are 3 important files in this directory:

1. github-webhook-ofiwg-init.d

The /etc/init.d/github-webhook-ofiwg script that starts and stops the
Ruby Sinatra server script that actually listens for the incoming
Github webhook pings.

2. verify-signed-off.rb

The Ruby Sinatra server (i.e., a Ruby script that uses the Sinatra
framework for listening for incoming HTTP requests) that listens for
Github webhook pings.  When it gets an incoming ping, if it's for a
pull request, the script gets a listing of all the commits on that
pull request and verifies that they all have a "Signed-off-by" line in
them.  If they all do, all commits have a "success" status set (at
Github).  If any are missing this line, then those commits have a
"failed" status set, and the last commit on the PR also has a "failed"
status set (because Github shows the overall status of the PR as the
last commit's status).

Every time commits are pushed to the PR, all the commits will be
checked again.  This ensures that even if you replace all the commits,
we'll check them all (it's one HTTP request to get all the commit
messages, anyway, so it's not like it makes the check take
significantly longer).

Note that the Ruby Sinatra server listens on localhost port 5000; it
is not directly accessible to the outside world.

On flatbed.openfabrics.org, the file is located in
/var/www/github-webhooks/ofiwg/verify-signed-off.rb.

3. apache-config.txt

This is a snipit from
flatbed.openfabrics.org:/etc/httpd/conf.d/20-ssl.conf inserted in the
SSL version of www.openfabrics.org config to enable the reverse proxy
(i.e., incoming web requests to
https://www.openfabrics.org/github-webhooks/ofiwg get routed
internally to http://localhost:5000/ -- i.e., the Ruby Sinatra
server).

===================

There is one additional file needed on flatbed.openfabrics.org:
/etc/sysconfig/github-webhook-ofiwg.  The init.d script will source
this file; it needs to set an environment variable that
verify-signed-off.rb will look for: $GITHUB_AUTH_TOKEN.

Specifically, this file should contain a line like this:

export GITHUB_AUTH_TOKEN="...the token..."

(this /etc/sysconfig file is not here in the git repo, of course --
because then everyone could see our auth token!)

A Github auth token can be obtained from
https://github.com/settings/tokens of a user who has commit access to
the target Github repo(s).  The token needs to have the following
permissions when you create it:

- repo
- public_repo
- repo:status
